[docs] Update babel config references (#33903)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/react-compiler.mdx

<Step label="1">

Configure the Babel plugin to only run on specific files or components. To do this:

> 1. If your project doesn't have [`babel.config.js`](/versions/latest/config/babel/), create one by running `npx expo customize babel.config.js`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. If your project doesn't have [**babel.config.js**](/versions/latest/config/babel/), create one by running `npx expo customize babel.config.js`.
```

> 2. Add the following to your project's Babel configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Add the following configuration to **babel.config.js**:
```
